Introducing better `pull_request_template.md` (#1918)
casper-network/casper-node: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] Closes <ISSUE>
- [ ] Updated CHANGELOG.md

# Please consider the following when creating a PR:
# 

> # * Provide a description of this PR in simple language. This will help reviewers and contributers.

Author: Chatting with @darthsiroftardis , he had the following feedback for the line above:

```suggestion
# * Provide a list of significant changes made in this PR. This will help reviewers and contributors.
```
